For this exercise, you are asked to create
a job map that matches the process of hand-washing.
Let's review the steps in a job map and what parts of hand-washing aligned to each step.
To define the job,
job doers must determine how clean they want their hands to look and feel,
and how much time they have to spend washing their hands to achieve this result.
In the locate step,
the job of hand-washing requires locating a sink with running water,
some cleaning material like soap, optionally,
the job might also require locating some way of drying hands.
Remember that the steps on job map should be
generic enough that they apply to all customers,
not just how a specific customer does the work.
For example, a cleaning product or soap is needed for pre-execution,
but if the soap is a bar soap or a liquid soap,
doesn't matter for the job map.
Preparation; to prepare the environment for the job of hand-washing,
a person might turn on the water to begin to heat it up to the desired temperature.
If using a hand towel,
they might also place it near the sink to prevent dripping when
going from water to hand drying during the washing process.
Confirmation; to ensure they are ready for the job of hand-washing,
a person will likely recheck that all the required elements are gathered, water, soap.
Hand washers also check their hands to confirm that they are ready to be
washed and don't have anything on their hands that shouldn't be cleaned,
such as jewelry that might slip off,
or a note written in ink.
Execution; when actually carrying out the job,
the hand washer must apply soap and water to their hands,
they must also move their hands around to
get the cleaning supplies over the entire hands.
Then they must run water over their hands
until the hands no longer have any soap on them.
Monitoring; to ensure they are carrying out the job of hand-washing properly,
the job doer will watch to make sure soap is actually applied to their hands.
They may also look for a physical difference in
cleanliness if the dirt on their hands is visible.
Modification; while hand-washing, a hand washer might need to
adjust the pattern with which they move their hands
to clean off any visible dirt or soap,
for example, especially dirty or sticky hands
might require a longer amount of time or a more intense scrub.
The studious hand washers are those with especially dirty hands and nails,
might need to introduce an extra scrubbing tool to
the process to be successful in removing dirt.
Finally, conclusion, at the end of the hand-washing job,
the hand-washer must turn off the water and optionally dry their hands.
This exercise also ask about the emotional needs served.
When washing hands, there are several emotional needs a user might be looking to serve.
For example, a user might serve the emotional need for feeling safer or healthier,
they might also be serving the emotional needs of showing
others that they are healthy people with good habits.
Finally, in an environment where hand-washing is required,
such as a food worker or a doctor at a hospital,
there might be an emotional fear of being reprimanded for
not hand-washing that motivates the hand washer to perform the act.